c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\TextInverterService.dll.config
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\TextInverterService.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\TextInverterService.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\obj\Debug\TextInverterService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\obj\Debug\TextInverterService.dll
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\obj\Debug\TextInverterService.pdb
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\acer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\TextInverterService\TextInverterService\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
